# Object-and-Person-Detection
A solution using AI that can be used by the police force to identify wanted targets and priority targets in real time.
In theory the concept of this program would be trained by being given a mixture of previous and live data to identify numerous targets that follow the given objective of the officer in question. Instead of this artificial intelligence being used with a body cam however, taking it a step forward the aritificial inteligence would actually be implimented on to goggles that the officer would use on  the field to give live feedback on what they see. A example of this would be a crowd of civilians and being able to identify a suspect through numerous factors such as the given outfit they wear, facial features or even movement patterns previously recorded. Not only would this artificial intelligence be used for suspect identification but as well as object identification like tools, vechiles and anything else the subject has been known to have been in contact with.
Going into greater detail the artificial intelligence would have to first be trained with previous cases of known criminals and their patterns. From criminal records, to diagnostic details and other factors pertaining to the suspect. Once trained the artificial intelligence would go through the process of simulations to make sure its accuracy stays above a certain threshold. The goal being that it could identify "potential" suspects rather then the exact suspects due to room for error. This threshold would have to be above 70-80% for the artificial intelligence to pinpoint the possible suspect. As well as give the officer information such as the actual percentile of suspect so the officer can decide whether its threshold is close enough to give suspicion. Once that stage is complete the final phase of training would have to be adding live data to the program and using a mixture of live data and previously trained data the smart ai would be able to point out factors out in the field that a officer may have missed.
The reason that the police force may find interest in this type of artificial intelligence is because of the error of human sight. While we believe to have perfect sight the reality is that human sight hold multiple errors. A example of this is the human brain making up information to fill the blindspots of our sight as well as humans at points in time completely missing details infront of them. These errors in human sight can lead to criminals getting away as well officers missing crucial details that may save their lives such as the possibility of a suspect carrying arms. To resolve this problem the artificial intelligence will make up or fill those gaps in the human vision which will minimize human error and keep cities safer.
